Story Recapped here.
Today, I'm going to explain an action, adventure,
drama film called "Battle Royale."
Spoilers ahead!
Watch out and take care.
Due to a major recession, the Japanese totalitarian
government passed a program to minimize juvenile
delinquency known as The B.R.
Act.
The act requires the government to randomly
select a class of high school students to
engage in a battle to the death inside an
arena.
The last one to survive wins the game.
Last year, various people from the media flocked
as the army transports a bloodied girl, the
winner, wearing a high school uniform, who
smiles menacingly.
A high school student, Shuya, recounts how
his mother left him and how he found his father
hanging in their apartment.
One day, his best friend, Nobu, wounds a teacher,
Kitano, which leads to him resigning.
A year later, Shuya's class is taken on a
field trip.
On the bus, Megumi encourages her best friend,
Noriko, to give her homemade cookies to Shuya.
Shuya accepts it awkwardly but gives it to
Nobu.
The bus enters a tunnel.
Shuya wakes up and sees his classmates and
teacher are all asleep.
The bus driver and conductress wear gas masks.
The conductress finds him and knocks him out.
Shuya and his class wake up in a dark classroom
with metal collars on their necks.
The students get up and back away in fear
of two unknown students, Kawada and Kiriyama.
The class watches as a helicopter lands on
the abandoned school with dozens of soldiers
waiting.
Their previous teacher, Kitano, hops off the
helicopter and heads to the classroom.
The class is surprised to see their former
teacher, who asks them if they are familiar
with the B.R.
Act.
When he doesn't get an answer, Kitano turns
to Nobu and uses him and his lack of discipline
to explain why the B.R. act exists.
He announces the Battle Royale, where the
class must battle until only one of them survives.
Seeing the class in disbelief, Kitano presents
the body of their teacher, Mr. Hayashida,
who pleaded for his class to be released.
The students scream in fear, realizing the
seriousness of their situation.
Kitano plays the video explaining the mechanics
of Battle Royale.
The host congratulates the class for being
chosen for this year's Battle Royale and informs
them that they are on a remote island.
Kitano spots students whispering and throws
a knife, hitting a student on the head.
The rest scream and attempt to escape, but
soldiers fire warning shots to make them back
away.
Noriko gets hit on the arm, angering Nobu,
who jumps on Kitano.
But Kitano slices him on the leg while another
soldier punches him.
Unfazed, Kitano sways the soldiers away and
resumes the video.
The video explains that the island is divided
into zones.
Every day, Kitano will announce danger zones
where, if the students are in there at a given
time, their collars will explode.
The collars, which act as a locator and heart
monitor, will also explode if they are tampered
with.
This drives Nobu to the edge, yelling at Kitano.
Another student, Motobuchi, tells him to be
quiet so they can focus on the video.
Nobu fights him until soldiers pull them away.
Kitano grabs a remote, and Nobu's collar starts
beeping.
The students avoid him as Nobu begs for help.
Shuya watches as Nobu's collar explodes.
Shuya mourns for his friend, picking up the
polaroid that they took at the bus earlier.
Red with anger and grief, Shuya rushes to
Kitano but is held back by his classmates.
The video continues to explain how, if there's
more than one survivor after three days, all
the collars will detonate, leaving no survivors.
The sole winner will be allowed to go home.
Another student, Mimura, asks how they were
chosen.
Kitano answers that it was a random selection.
Mimura asks why the government is doing this;
Kitano blames the students' disobedience.
Soldiers bring in multiple supply bags, each
containing food, water, a map, a compass,
a flashlight, and a random weapon.
One by one, the students are called and given
a bag before leaving the building.
A heavy boy named Yoshio is called first.
One of the girls, Sakura, defiantly throws
back the supply bag given to her before leaving.
After already leaving the classroom, Kawada
comes back, pushing Kiriyama before demanding
a different bag.
When Shuya is called, he gives the polaroid
to Noriko, telling her that he'll wait for
her.
Shuya leaves the building and hides in a bush
to inspect his bag.
He's interrupted by Tendo, who has an arrow
sticking out of her neck.
She collapses as someone from afar continues
to fire arrows at her.
Shuya looks up and sees Yoshio with a crossbow.
Shuya throws his flashlight on his face before
running with Noriko.
Yoshio tumbles down, losing his crossbow.
He fumbles around when Kazushi approaches,
holding his crossbow.
Yoshio rushes towards him, making Kazushi
panic and pull the trigger.
Near the island's shore, Shuya and Noriko
find a cave to hide.
Shuya checks Noriko's injured arm, glad to
see that the bullet only grazed her.
In their bags, they find a pot lid and binoculars
as their weapons.
Shuya wonders if their class can escape the
island, but Noriko doesn't trust the others
anymore, given that they bullied her before
the events.
When Noriko brings up Nobu, Shuya recalls
being in the foster home with him.
At the time, Nobu had been ditching school
until Noriko wrote to him, asking him to come
back and join the school trip.
With everything that happened, Noriko regrets
inviting Nobu back, but Shuya doesn't blame
her.
Students corner Kiriyama by the shore, mocking
the paper fan he got as a weapon.
With him not being a part of the class, the
students wonder if Kiriyama is a spy for Kitano.
A student aims a gun at his head, allowing
Kiriyama to steal the gun and shoot them.
In less than a minute, Kiriyama takes down
several students.
Victorious, he walks over their corpses and
takes a gun and two grenades from them.
At the edge of a cliff, Sakura throws her
bag into the ocean, declaring that she doesn't
want to be part of the game.
Her boyfriend, Kazuhiko, mourns the hopelessness
of their situation.
The two hold each other before jumping off
the cliff to escape the nightmare.
In a storage room, Megumi looks through the
polaroids she took of her classmates.
Someone enters, and she quickly grabs her
stun gun.
Mitsuko reveals herself, and Megumi allows
her to come in, thinking that they can be
allies.
Mitsuko snoops on Megumi’s polaroids before
taking her stun gun.
She lunges after Megumi and tackles her down,
holding a sickle to her neck.
Mitsuko tells her about two classmates, Yoji
and Yoshimi, who hung themselves next door.
Mitsuko declares that she refuses to lose
like them before slashing Megumi's neck.
On the following day, Shuya and Noriko listen
to Kitano's announcement.
When Kitano announces Megumi as one of the
fallen students, Noriko freezes.
Kitano lists the danger zones and their schedules,
prompting Shuya and Noriko to take notes on
their maps.
Noriko is still shaken that her friend is
gone, but Shuya pushes her to move, seeing
that they're in a danger zone.
While running, Oki ambushes them with a hatchet.
Shuya throws his bag to his face and allows
Noriko to escape.
He uses his potlid as a shield, effectively
blocking Oki’s attacks.
Oki jumps for him, causing them to fall down
the hill.
When Shuya rolls away, he watches Oki struggle
with his head wound.
Oki had accidentally plunged the hatchet on
his own head, bleeding severely before collapsing.
Seeing his classmate gone, Shuya panics in
guilt and fear.
They're interrupted by Motobuchi firing a
gun at them.
The nervous Motobuchi stammers while holding
them at gunpoint, allowing Kawada to shoot
him.
Kawada takes Mitobuchi's gun and asks Shuya
and Noriko what weapons they have.
When they show the pot lid and binoculars,
he takes Oki's hatchet.
The trio hears two girls asking everyone to
a ceasefire.
Through her binoculars, Noriko sees Yumiko
and Yukiko.
Shuya wants to go to them and help, but Kawada
stops him, warning him that other dangerous
classmates will come after the two girls.
Kawada fires a warning shot, making the two
girls hide.
Shuya yells for the girls to run, but it's
too late.
The girls are gunned down from behind by Kiriyama,
who aims the megaphone at Yumiko's lips before
firing at her again, making her screams echo
over the distance.
Shuya is angry and in disbelief at how his
classmates can fight each other.
Kawada tells him the only way out of this
is to end their own lives.
If they can't, then they should run.
Later that day, Mitsuko heads to a shed to
hide but is held at gunpoint by Hirono.
Hirono takes her sickle before throwing it
back at her, accusing her of executing Megumi.
Mitsuko begs for her life, letting Hirono
kick her down.
While Hirono spouts accusations at her, Mitsuko
grabs Megumi's stun gun from her bag and electrocutes
her before stealing the gun.
Hirono tries to run, but Mitsuko shoots her
on the back.
Heading to another safe zone, Noriko collapses
due to a fever.
Shuya carries her to a nearby clinic but trips
a wire, alerting Kawada inside.
Kawada helps them, giving Noriko medicine
and preparing a meal for them.
Sugimura finds his classmates, Mimura, Seto,
and Iijima, fixing Mimura's laptop in an abandoned
building.
Sugimura shows his weapon, a tracking device
for the collars, and asks if they've seen
Chigusa and Kotohiki, but they haven't.
Mimura tells him that they're looking for
a way to escape, but Sugimura is more interested
in saving the two girls.
Mimura asks him to tell Shuya where they are
if Sugimura finds him.
When Sugimura leaves, Mimura notices something
on the collar.
He notifies the others that the collars are
bugged.
In another part of the island, Chigusa jogs,
imagining Sugimura behind her.
When she snaps out of it, she takes a break,
wondering where her friend is.
Niida walks up to her, begging her to stay
with him, but she is disgusted by him after
he spread rumors about them.
Niida threatens to fire his crossbow at her,
then confesses his love for her.
He insults Sugimura for not making a move
on her, and this pisses her off.
Afraid, Niida fires his crossbow, slicing
her cheek.
With widened eyes, she mocks Niida for blaming
everyone for his own weaknesses.
Without removing her eyes from him, she takes
her swiss knife and challenges him.
Frightened by her anger, Niida runs away,
and Chigusa gives chase.
She slashes at his back and stabs him repeatedly.
Before she can take a breath, Mitsuko appears
and shoots her.
Chigusa quickly runs away but is hit on the
stomach.
Chigusa collapses on a dam, struggling with
her injuries.
Sugimura finds her, encouraging her to hang
on.
She tells him it was Mitsuko who got her,
warning him to watch out.
Sugimura lets Chigusa rest on his shoulders
as she asks about his feelings.
Chigusa confirms that Sugimura isn't in love
with her but is still happy to die in his
arms.
Sugimura mourns for his best friend, staying
with her after she passes away.
Back at the school, Kitano paints a picture
of the students before making his announcements.
He's disappointed at the slow pace of the
killings, adding more danger zones as punishment
for the students.
That evening, Noriko and Shuya enjoy their
meal, thanking Kawada for helping them.
Kawada reveals that he is a survivor of a
previous Battle Royale.
He and his crush, Keiko, were the last two
standing.
When their collars start beeping, Keiko shoots
him.
In reflex, Kawada shoots back in self-defense,
mortally wounding her.
Before she died, Keiko smiled and thanked
him.
The officials drugged Kawada and took him
to this year’s Battle Royale to shake things
up.
Realizing this, he vowed to get revenge and
to understand Keiko’s last words.
Kawada claims that he knows how to escape
the island but doesn't reveal how just yet.
He gives Shuya a gun as a sign of alliance.
Gunshots come from outside, and the trio duck
for cover.
Kawada says it's Kiriyama, who voluntarily
signed up for the battle.
Kawada tells Shuya to meet him at the shrine
in case they have to split up.
Outside, Kiriyama is chasing after Oda until
they reach the clinic.
Kiriyama finally corners Oda and shoots him
down.
Thinking that Kiriyama is gone, Oda celebrates,
revealing his bulletproof vest.
Kiriyama appears above him, then uses a sword
to take him down.
Hearing something from the clinic, Kiriyama
throws Oda's severed head against the window
with a grenade in his mouth.
The trio runs just before the grenade explodes.
Kiriyama starts firing inside the clinic,
trapping them inside.
Kawada keeps a protective arm around Noriko
while Shuya is cornered on the other side
of the room.
Shuya tells Kawada to protect Noriko before
jumping out to lead Kiriyama.
Sugimura wakes up, hearing gunshots.
He checks his tracker, locating where the
two are heading.
Kiriyama corners Shuya but runs out of bullets.
As Kiriyama loads more bullets, Shuya fires
at him, but he remains unfazed.
Shuya jumps into the water to escape.
Kiriyama frantically shoots the water, but
Sugimura tackles him before following Shuya
into the water.
Back at the building, Seto and Iijima bring
the supplies that Mimura requested.
While covering the mic on his collar, Mimura
reveals his plan to fight against the officials
and escape with his friends.
On the next day, Shuya wakes up in the lighthouse,
where Utsumi explains how Sugimura carried
him to the lighthouse before leaving.
Utsumi assures him that Kawada and Noriko
are still alive.
The morning report only listed the dead as
Oda and best friends Mizuho and Kaori, who
seemed to have fought each other over a life
preserver.
The noon report listed Takiguchi and Hatagami,
who were killed by Mitsuko.
Utsumi also gives him Sugimura's message that
Mimura is waiting for him.
Shuya tells her that Kawada has a way to escape
the island.
However, Utsumi, who’s smitten with him,
insists that he stays with them while he heals.
In the kitchen, Sakaki, who witnessed Oki
and Shuya's fight before, holds a bottle of
poison while she thinks of what she saw.
Utsumi assures her that Shuya isn't dangerous
and that Oki's death was an accident.
Despite the others' upbeat mood, Noda reminds
them that tomorrow might be their last day.
Sakaki offers to serve Shuya's meal but poisons
the dish.
Another girl, Nakagawa, enters and takes the
dish from Sakaki.
Sakaki backs away as Nakagawa eats the poisoned
meal.
Utsumi tells the girls that Kawada may have
a way to escape the island.
The news brings them hope until Nakagawa starts
vomiting blood.
Panicked, Noda takes a gun, demanding who
poisoned their meal.
The girls point fingers at each other, which
causes Noda to open fire.
With their trust broken, the girls shoot at
each other until Sakaki is the only one left.
Hearing Shuya, Sakaki opens the door for him.
She apologizes to him before running away.
Shuya sees his fallen classmates, distraught
and confused at the chaos.
He heads up the lighthouse and finds that
Sakaki has jumped off.
At the shrine, Noriko dreams about having
ice cream with Kitano, who’s still her teacher.
She tells Kawada the dream, who thinks it’s
scary.
But she comments that Kitano seemed lonely
instead.
In the control room, Kitano is woken up by
his daughter's call.
His family doesn't know his involvement with
the B.R. act but doesn't care where he is.
His daughter insults him before dropping the
call.
In the woods, Shuya struggles to move with
his injuries.
He remembers his father and Nobu, which gives
him the drive to move forward.
When it rains, Noriko heads out, hoping to
find Shuya.
Instead, she finds Mitsuko, who aims a gun
at her, mocking her for being protected by
two men.
But Mitsuko runs away, seeing Kitano in the
woods.
Shuya finally arrives, collapsing in front
of Noriko, who goes to help him.
Kitano offers his umbrella to Noriko and leaves.
At a warehouse, Sugimura finally tracks down
Kotohiki, but she hides from him, not knowing
his intentions.
In panic, Kotohiki shoots him when he runs
to her until she’s out of bullets.
In pain, Sugimura warns that she should run
as someone may have heard the gunshots.
Confused, Kotohiki goes closer to him, demanding
why he still cares after she shot him.
With his last breath, he confesses his love
for her.
Kotohiki mourns, not having known his affections
Suddenly, Mitsuko arrives and shoots her,
killing her instantly.
Before she could walk away, Kiriyama fires
at Mitsuko.
Thinking she’s dead, he takes her gun and
walks away.
Mistuko’s eyes open, using her stun gun
to disable him.
She swings her sickle at him, but his bulletproof
vest protects him from the slices.
He kicks her off before gunning her down.
At sunset, Shuya hears that Sugimura is gone.
He decides to follow Sugimura's message and
go to Mimura.
At the building, Mimura hacks the school's
security system while Seto and Iijima prepare
the bombs.
Mimura disconnects the officials from the
collars and disables the danger zones.
The soldiers panic as the virus hacks their
system.
Kitano walks to the fuse box and shuts the
power down, ordering the men to restart the
system.
Mimura and his friends load up the explosives
in a truck to take to the school, but Iijima
spots someone in the woods.
Thinking it's Shuya, Seto calls out, but Kiriyama
fires at him.
Mimura fights back but runs out of bullets.
He and Iijima try to flee, but Iijima is gunned
down, angering Mimura.
With his friends gone, Mimura has nothing
left to lose.
He climbs up the truck and triggers the explosive
just as Shuya and the rest arrive.
The trio stares at the catastrophe in disbelief,
hoping for their friends to come out alive.
Instead, Kiriyama walks away from the burning
building but doesn’t pursue them.
Kawada walks up to Kiriyama slowly, readying
his gun.
Kiriyama hears him, turning to reveal that
he’s been blinded by the explosion.
Kiriyama shoots blindly, hitting Kawada on
the shoulder before Kawada fires back, causing
him to collapse.
Kawada shoots Kiriyama’s collar, making
it explode.
With only the three left, they head to the
shore, where Kawada aims his gun at the two.
He reveals that he's been pretending to be
on their side.
Kitano hears Kawada fire his gun, announcing
that the battle is over.
That afternoon, the soldiers retreat, leaving
Kitano alone in the school.
Kitano exercises at the school ground, enjoying
the peace of being alone.
Kawada arrives, revealing that he’s unarmed.
Kitano brings him inside and confirms that
Kawada's collar no longer works.
Kitano accuses him of cheating by disabling
the collars, pointing a gun at him.
Shuya and Noriko enter, holding Kitano at
gunpoint.
Kitano is not surprised to see them.
He reveals his painting of the students' battle,
with a smiling Noriko as the sole survivor.
The students are horrified at the image, with
Kitano revealing that he wanted Noriko, the
only student he liked, to win the game from
the beginning.
He tells Noriko to shoot him, but Shuya does
it instead, sparing Noriko.
Kitano reveals that his gun is a toy before
collapsing.
Knowing that the game is over, the trio removes
their collars.
A phone rings nearby, and they're surprised
to see Kitano get up and answer his daughter's
call.
He argues with her before shooting the phone.
He takes the last cookie from Noriko's gift,
then passes away.
The students take a boat to leave the island.
Kawada tells the two that he finally understands
why Keiko thanked him in the end before passing
away.
When they reach the city, Shuya and Noriko
become fugitives for escaping Battle Royale.
The two are determined to survive, despite
having to run for the rest of their lives.